Hey, buddy, that was cool.
That's my dad, Grayson, and my older brother, Dylan.
Hey, bro, we're going to play ball. You want to come?
No thanks.
Is he okay?
He normally lives at my class school.
Mm-hmm.
He didn't want to talk about school today.
It wasn't my worst day at school, but pretty close.
It all started first thing this morning.
Everyone was signing a birthday card for one of our classmates, Lucas.
He just got home from being at the hospital for cancer treatments.
No thanks. Some of Jehovah's Witnesses and I don't celebrate birthdays.
My teacher said that Lucas may not come back to school for a long time.
I felt so bad he was sick.
He didn't.
Can you think about him?
The thing is, I did want to sign the card.
Lucas was one of the nicest people in my class.
Maybe I can just sign it.
I mean, it's not like I'm going to a birthday party.
Hey, little man, how you doing?
Yeah?
When dad came in, I told him everything that happened.
I know from the Bible that it's wrong to celebrate birthdays.
But is signing the card really a big deal?
Dad said my question was a good one.
Then he showed me a scripture.
Ephesians 5-10.
Keep on making sure of what is acceptable to the Lord.
He said, we all have to keep making sure of what's acceptable to Jehovah.
Because Satan is a master at tricking us.
Then he used the example of Aaron.
The Israelites asked Aaron to make them a god.
So Aaron made a golden calf, thinking that it could represent Jehovah.
He told the people, there's a festival to Jehovah tomorrow.
But true worship was being mixed with false worship.
And Jehovah was not happy.
And many were punished.
That example helped me a lot.
I know birthdays are wrong because the Bible teaches that they are not approved by Jehovah.
But we don't want to be confused like Aaron and try to mix true and false worship.
We want to make Jehovah happy.
So Dad said, it's always good to ask.
How would Jehovah feel if I do this?
I stood inside the card, but I'm going to do something else for Lucas.
Can I go see Lucas?
And then I realized something.
Instead of celebrating one day, I could share with Lucas our hope of living forever.
On a beautiful paradise earth.